docs: add pages about Atomic CSS, build time optimisations (#217)
microsoft/griffel: apps/website/docs/react/css-extraction/introduction.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Introduction

:::caution

> This technology is experimental, please [report issues](https://github.com/microsoft/griffel/issues) if you will face them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This technology is experimental, please [report any issues](https://github.com/microsoft/griffel/issues) if found.
```

:::

> While [ahead-of-time compilation allows](/react/ahead-of-time-compilation/introduction) performs optimization to reduce runtime parts, the goal of CSS extraction is remove runtime insertion to DOM and produce CSS stylesheets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While [ahead-of-time compilation allows](/react/ahead-of-time-compilation/introduction) performs optimization to reduce runtime work, the goal of CSS extraction is to remove runtime insertion to DOM and produce CSS stylesheets.
```

## When to use it?

It's designed to be used **only** in applications.

> ## How it works?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How does it work?
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How it works
```

Both are fine
